---
Time: 2025-12-10T22:22:00
name: English Spoken
---
## Plan
- [ ]  [你对于FAE岗位的理解?](2025-12-10-周三.md#^844e7f)
- [ ] [介绍专业、学校和城市](#^cd4526)
- [ ] [介绍家乡](#^0a69e2)
## content
### Origin Text
#### How do you understand the career of FAE? ^844e7f
I seem the FAE role as a bridge between technology and market. Externally, FAE provide technical support to solve customer problems. Internally,they share market needs and pain points to guide products development. It's a connection role.That is all for my introduction. 

#### please introduct your major、university and city ^cd4526
Ok! I'm currently a student at the ocean university of China, which is a prestigious "985 project" university.
My university is located in the beautiful coastal city of Qingdao. The climate here is quite pleasant, and the city is famous for its many popular attractions. Please like the QinYu Road and Little Fish Mountian , in which attract a lots of visitors.
I study at the university's West Coast Campus, one of OUC's four campuses in Qingdao. The campus itself is beautiful, With many picture-perfect spots that are ideal for photography.
My major is Control Engineering, with a specific focus on embedded software and hardware development  meanwhile designing power learn by myself. Accordingly, my academic projects and past experience are all centered around power and embedded system.

#### please introduct your hometown ^0a69e2
I'm from jiuquan, a city in GanSu province. It's known as cradle of Chinese aerospace industry and a global capital for wind power. It's also rich in culture and dishes, with the landmarks like the Bell and child of the earth, delicious local noodles and famous fruits. That's all for my introduction. 
